Adding READMEs to all directories (#584)
SAFEHR-data/PIXL: pixl_export/README.md

The Export API provides HTTP endpoints to control the copying of EHR data from the OMOP extract
to its destination (eg. FTPS). It also uploads DICOM data to its destination after it has been

> processed by the Imaging API and orthanc(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
processed by the Imaging API, Orthanc Anon and Orthanc Raw.
```

> It no longer accepts messages from rabbitmq. <SK: Please explain>

Reviewer: Suggest just deleting it.

```suggestion
```

## Usage

> Usage should be from the [CLI driver](../cli/README.md), which calls the HTTP endpoints.

Reviewer: I think this assumes a lot of understanding of the CLI and PIXL in general.

Again, if there is a desire for the different modules in PIXL to be used independently, then it would be good for the pixl_export documentation to explain how to use it.

For now, I think it would be good to put a few lines in this Usage section which demonstrate it woulds on the command line.

Author: noted

## Notes

> - The height/weight/GCS value is extracted only within a 24 h time window  <SK: I assume this refers to what can come out of OMOP   >

Reviewer: Agree – this either needs a fuller explanation or deleting.
